c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.exe.config
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.exe
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.g.resources
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.exe
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.pdb
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.g.cs
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\SelectClassWindow.baml
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\SelectClassWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\Item\UCSubjectItem.baml
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCHome.baml
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCSparate.baml
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCTest.baml
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCTestMethod.baml
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCTrain.baml
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\Item\UCSubjectItem.g.cs
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCHome.g.cs
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCSparate.g.cs
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCTest.g.cs
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCTestMethod.g.cs
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCTrain.g.cs
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCSelectClass.baml
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCSelectClass.g.cs
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCNewSubject.baml
C:\Users\James\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCNewSubject.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.exe.config
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.exe
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.pdb
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.exe
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.pdb
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib.dll
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2013.dll
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.dll
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.GPU.dll
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.dll
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\DirectShowLib.pdb
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.xml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.GPU.xml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\Emgu.Util.xml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\SelectClassWindow.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\Item\UCResultItem.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCNewSubject.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCSelectClass.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\Item\UCSubjectItem.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCHome.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCSparate.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCTest.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCResult.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCTrain.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\App.baml
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\SelectClassWindow.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\Item\UCResultItem.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCNewSubject.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCSelectClass.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\Item\UCSubjectItem.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCHome.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCSparate.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCTest.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCResult.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\UC\UCTrain.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace_MarkupCompile.cache
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.g.resources
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\ProjectJOB\Backup\25590511\WhomIsThisFace\WhomIsThisFace\obj\Debug\WhomIsThisFace.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
